All right, so we're doing great, we have done a lot of work so far so we can safely say that we put
together the the first three screens that are solid.
We understand that the users can actually go from the beginning where you can see a splash screen and
they're taken, of course, to the logging screen, where they can either log in or create an account.
So we've done all of this gracefully.
And we're so happy.
So this section, we were able to even go further by adding the Firebase Auth to create authorization
for users so we can log in users so we can create user accounts and were also able to bypass the log
in screen.
Because Ada is that when users come into our apps, if they already have an account they have logged
in before, it makes no sense to always ask them to log in again.
That is not a good user experience, so they're with Firebase.
We can check to see if there is indeed a user already locked in or has already logged in into our app.
And we can do that and check if that's the case, then we can send those users to the correct screen.
So we bypassed all of that.
OK?
And of course, we were able to save an actual user into our faster database, which is a separate bucket,
if you will, of data where we can actually create a database and add our users.
And this will become more apparent later, because now this user can have other properties that we may
want, such as the profession, last name, avatar, whatever else do we want?
OK, so this is real good.
That's what we've been doing and we finalize in this section.
So what's next?
Well, next, we're going to tackle the home screen now.
I like to look at the home screen as pieces of composable, so I do type.
You can see we should have that top bar there, which will contain, of course, different pieces of
compose walls.
And then at the bottom, we have another layer, another composable, which will contain a few composable
say, all right, so have a text left and then we have some sort of an avatar and then the name.
And then here is going to be the section where we are going to show a card that contains some information
about the book and so forth.
This is where all the books that we are reading are going to show.
And then, of course, inside, that's what I'm saying.
We have that card there in this section.
In the bottom here, we have a few other things, mostly reputation in terms of the user interface.
So we still have that card.
But now there are some differences because here is where we're going to add all the books that they
haven't been read.
So we just have on our list of to do rather with books that we will be reading, reading lists and the
right to the bottom right.
You can see we have that plus sign or plus icon inside of a circle.
That's a floating action button.
That is what we're going to be able to click and take them to a screen where they can search for a book
and add a book and so forth.
So the main screen at the home screen here, there is a lot of moving parts and we're going to tackle
each piece one by one and put it this whole thing together.
So this is how you should think about an application, whatever you building, don't think as a whole.
First, I obviously think as a whole first and then start cutting, breaking things down.
So you have manageable pieces.
OK, so that's what are we going to be doing next?
We're going to tackle the home screen.